---
publish: true
title: Postdoctoral Associate in Computational Genomics
pdf: PD_computational.pdf
---

<p>
A postdoctoral position is available with Alan Boyle in the Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics at the University of Michigan Medical School. This position is focused on development and implementation of new integrative analysis techniques with a focus on high-throughput sequencing technologies. Ideal applicants will have experience with eukaryotic genetics and current computational biology and bioinformatics methodologies. Additional responsibilities will include collaborating with and oversight of undergraduate and graduate students working on multiple projects.
<br><br>
The successful applicant will be part of a cutting-edge research program with experience with large genomics studies and extensive opportunities for collaborations around the world. The lab focuses on the boundary between computational and experimental techniques and the applicant will have ample opportunity to work closely with bench research and novel datasets. 
<br><br>
Qualifications:<br>
The applicant should have (or be near completion of) a Ph.D. in a computational or biological field and a track record of published research commensurate with their field. The applicant should have strong computational skills and proficiency in programming (ideally C/C++, Java, perl, python, or R). The successful candidate will have excellent organization and communication skills, collaborative spirit and strong personal motivation. Evidence of scholarly productivity in the form of journal articles, conference proceedings, and/or conference presentations is mandatory. English language proficiency is required.
<br><br>
To apply, send a CV, cover letter describing your research experiences and ongoing research interests, a 1-2 page research plan, and contact information for three references to Alan Boyle at apboyle@umich.edu.
<br><br>
Review of applications begins immediately and will be considered until the position is filled. Please address any inquiries to Dr. Alan Boyle, at apboyle@umich.edu.
</p>
